In kmttg if you are using *comskip* for *Ad Detect* task you can enable visual review of detected commercials in kmttg by enabling a configuration option:

*File->Configure... Program Options->Use comskip GUI to review detected commercials*

With this option enabled when running kmttg in GUI mode following the *Ad Detect* task using comskip there will be a *comskip_review* task started which will bring up the comskip visual editor window. This Wiki page summarizes how to use the editor to review/edit detected commercials.

==PRESS F1 FOR HELP==
As a reminder of what keyboard shortcuts are in comskip editor you can press *F1* to show a summary.

==MOVING AROUND IN TIMELINE==
At very top of the window there is a "timeline". You can move around the timeline in various ways.
  * Regions with a black background indicate segments that will be skipped.
  * Regions with a white background indicate segments that will be included.
  * The red bar indicates current cursor position.
  * The number shown on top left indicates the current frame position.
  * You can use left/right arrows to move the cursor left/right 1 frame at a time.
  * You can left click with mouse anywhere in the timeline to move the cursor to that location.
  * Press *n* to jump to the end of next commercial segment.
  * Press *p* to jump to the start of previous commercial segment.
    
==MODIFYING/CREATING COMMERCIAL SEGMENTS==
You can extend, shorten or remove detected commercial segments, and you can add new ones.
  * To extend a commercial segment that will be excluded (black background), position the cursor beyond the end of the black segment into white segment and then press *e*.
  * To shorten a commercial segment that will be excluded (black background), position cursor inside the black segment at which you want to end the segment and press *e*.
  * To remove entirely a detected commercial segment, position cursor inside the segment (black background) and then press *d*.
  * To create a new commercial segment, position cursor at starting point and press *i*, then press *b*. Then move cursor to where you want segment to end and press *e*.
  
==PRESS w TO SAVE YOUR CHANGES==
When you are happy with your edits, press *w* to save your changes. Without doing so no modifications you make will be saved.
  
==PRESS ESC TO EXIT==
It's important to exit comskip editor by pressing *Esc* instead of clicking on X on top right. If you click on X comskip will not be terminated and you will have to use Windows Task Manager to find and kill comskip that is still running. You can cancel the job in kmttg, but that will cancel subsequent tasks for the video in question as well.