==Encoding profile naming must be lowercase==
If you make your own encoding profiles (name.enc files under encode folder) be sure to use all lowercase file names otherwise they won't work when used in auto transfers mode.

==VideoRedo==
  * VideoRedo won't run properly using the default kmttg service setup.
  * VideoRedo QuickStream Fix won't run from kmttg in either service mode or from GUI.
  * For both above issues consult the [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/VideoRedo_configuration VideoRedo_configuration] wiki page for details on how to fix that.
  * VideoRedo TV Suite custom (user-defined) encoding profiles are not available when running kmttg in service mode. This appears to be a limitation with VideoRedo while running in service mode where it does not see user-created encoding profiles.

==Ad Cut creates audio/video sync issues==
If you have Ad Cut step enabled using mencoder to make the cuts very often this results in audio/video sync issues. If you have VideoRedo enabled in kmttg it will be used instead to make the cuts and works much better. Alternatively if you have ProjectX enabled in kmttg it will be used instead of mencoder which is also a better option.

==encoding creates audio/video sync issues===
Recordings originating from Tivos very often have timestamp defects that lead to problems if not corrected before encoding to other video formats. Running mpeg2 video through VideoRedo Quick Stream Fix (commercial tool) or ProjectX QS Fix can correct these defects such that when you encode the faulty recording to other formats it will be in sync.