#labels Featured
=KMTTG LINUX INSTALLATION=

==1. INSTALL JAVA IF NEEDED==

Kmttg is now written in Java (originally used Perl) and supports Java 1.5 or later. You can download Java Runtime Environment (JRE) from here:

http://java.com/en/download/manual.jsp

==2. DOWNLOAD KMTTG INSTALLATION ZIP FILE==

Download kmttg installation zip file from:

http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/downloads/list

    * *kmttg_vxxx.zip* file – This contains the platform independent kmttg installation files
    * v0p6a or later are Java versions. Versions prior to that were Perl based and should no longer be used.

==3. UNPACK ZIP FILE==

  * Unpack *kmttg_vxxx.zip* file to your desired location. In this example: /home/moyekj/kmttg

===TIP===
If upgrading from a previous Java kmttg installation you can normally unzip over the previous installation. That way you can preserve the kmttg configuration and avoid having to re-configure. NOTE: In some cases there are other files and folders aside from kmttg.jar updated as part of a release, so you should unzip the zip file over the top of your previous installation to make sure you overwrite all files that make up an installation. When unzipping be sure to let system overwrite previous files. If you want to install to same location and make sure to get a clean new installation then remove everything except {{{*.ini}}} files. That way you get a full new installation but preserve all your previous settings.

==PROJECTX INSTALLATION==
ProjectX which is useful for "QS Fix" and "Ad Cut" tasks should be installed based on this package to make sure there aren't issues with CLASSPATH:

http://kmttg.googlecode.com/files/ProjectX_0_9_1_0.zip

Just unzip the above such that ProjectX directory is in same directory as kmttg.jar and kmttg configuration will then find it automatically.

==STARTING KMTTG==
  * Run the *kmttg* script in the installation folder to start kmttg (in this example  /home/moyekj/kmttg/kmttg).
  * The first time launch you will be prompted for your 10 digit Media Access Key (MAK) which is needed to download & decrypt programs from your Tivos. If you already have a ~/.tivodecode_mak file containing the MAK number then kmttg will automatically read it from there.
  NOTE: kmttg may detect Tivos on your network before you have a chance to enter the 10 digit MAK, and will not be able to get listings for detected Tivos without MAK, so after entering MAK you will need to click on *Refresh List* button for each Tivo to get listings.
  * kmttg uses "which" to try and determine the location of the various 3rd party tools. If you don't have them in your PATH then you will need to manually specify the locations of the tools if you have them.
  * You will probably need to further configure kmttg after installation. Consult the [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/configuring_kmttg configuring_kmttg] wiki page for details.

==TIVODECODE WITH MPEG2 TRANSPORT STREAM SUPPORT==
If you have a TiVo Premiere of a TiVo in New Zealand or Australia be sure to use an updated version of *tivodecode* that has support for TiVo files in mpeg2 Transport Stream container.

You can get the source code from here:<br>
http://kmttg.googlecode.com/files/tivodecode-0.3pre4.tar.gz

Building from source on linux is very simple:<br>
./configure<br>
make

==USING WINE TO RUN WINDOWS ONLY TOOLS==
Some tools used by kmttg only run on Windows platform, however can be made to run on Linux platform using *wine* (tool to run Windows binaries on Linux platform). As an example, the following *t2extract* script can be made to run Windows T2Sami t2extract (used for creating captions files):
  * Create following script called *t2extract*:
{{{
#! /bin/sh
wine "C:\\Program Files\\T2Sami\\t2extract.exe" -f srt -p `dirname "$3"` "$3" "$4" "$5" "$6" "$7" "$8" "$9"
}}}
  * Make it executable:
{{{
chmod +x t2extract
}}}
  * Under kmttg config enter full path to the script as t2extract executable.