#labels Featured
=KMTTG MAC OSX INSTALLATION=

==1. INSTALL JAVA IF NEEDED==

Kmttg is now written in Java (originally used Perl) and supports Java 1.5 or later. You can download Java Runtime Environment (JRE) from here:

http://java.com/en/download/manual.jsp

==2. DOWNLOAD KMTTG INSTALLATION ZIP FILE==

Download kmttg installation zip file from:

http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/downloads/list

    * *kmttg_vxxx.zip* file – This contains the platform independent kmttg installation files
    * v0p6a or later are Java versions. Versions prior to that were Perl based and should no longer be used.

==3. UNPACK ZIP FILE==

  * Unpack *kmttg_vxxx.zip* file to your desired location. In this example: /home/moyekj/kmttg

===UPGRADE INSTALLATION TIPS (Version v1p0a or later)===
   * Starting with version v1p0a you can now update kmttg installation to latest official version automatically using *Help-Update kmttg...* menu entry. kmttg will check your installed version against the latest available official version and prompt to update if they are different.
   * You can also update helper tools now automatically using *Help-Update tools...* menu entry if running on Windows or Mac platforms. Note that there is no tools version check so this can be used to install the latest available tools zip package regardless if you have installed it before or not.

===UPGRADE INSTALLATION TIPS (older versions of kmttg)===
  * If upgrading from a previous Java kmttg installation you can normally unzip over the previous installation. That way you can preserve the kmttg configuration and avoid having to re-configure. NOTE: In some cases there are other files and folders aside from kmttg.jar updated as part of a release, so you should unzip the zip file over the top of your previous installation to make sure you overwrite all files that make up an installation. When unzipping be sure to let the system overwrite previous files. If you want to install to same location and make sure to get a clean new installation then remove everything except {{{*.ini}}} files. That way you get a full new installation but preserve all your previous settings.
  * For some releases the 3rd party tools are also updated. To force kmttg to download and install the accompanying 3rd party tools simply remove the *tivodecode* folder. Then when you start kmttg GUI allow it to download and install the tools package (it will overwrite the files in current installation).

==STARTING KMTTG==
  * Run the *kmttg* script in the installation folder to start kmttg (/home/moyekj/kmttg/kmttg in this example).
  * The first time launch you will be prompted to allow kmttg to download and install required tools. Choose Yes and wait for the download and installation to complete.
  * Also the first time you launch kmttg you will be prompted for your 10 digit Media Access Key (MAK) which is needed to download & decrypt programs from your Tivos.
  NOTE: kmttg may detect Tivos on your network before you have a chance to enter the 10 digit MAK, and will not be able to get listings for detected Tivos without MAK, so after entering MAK you will need to click on *Refresh List* button for each Tivo to get listings.
  * You will probably want to further configure kmttg after installation. Consult the [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/configuring_kmttg configuring_kmttg] wiki page for details.

==NOTE: For Lion OS or later you MUST install and use the Intel binary of tivodecode (see below) since the tivodecode in the default Mac package won't run.==

==Intel Platform tivodecode binary==
  * The Mac OSX tools package contains mostly "universal" binaries, however *tivodecode* was compiled on PPC platform. Thus if you are on Intel platform and would like to have an Intel binary of tivodecode you can download it from [http://kmttg.googlecode.com/files/tivodecode_MacOSX_intel.zip here]. Replace the files in the standard installation with those in this file.
  NOTE: For example if while running tivodecode on Snow Leopard OS on Intel platform and it keeps prompting you to install rosetta in order to run tivodecode, installing the above would prevent that from happening and would not necessitate installing rosetta.