=Using kmttg "custom" job and pyTivo to push files to your computer=

This document gives an example of using kmttg "custom" job capability to automatically push videos processed through kmttg to your Series 3 Tivos.

==pyTivo setup==
First step is to configure pyTivo for auto pushes which requires you to specify your tivo.com login name and password.

You also need to add a video section that matches the location of where kmttg files end up that you want to push to your Tivos.

Easiest way to add that information is to shut down pyTivo server and then edit the *pyTivo.conf* file and add the following:
{{{
[Server]
tivo_username = your_username
tivo_password = your_password

[kmttg]
type=video
path=your_path
}}}

NOTE: Adjust your_username, your_password and your_path above to match your real ones.
For this example I'm using *c:\home\dvd* as my your_path setting.

Once you are done making those edits then re-start pyTivo server.

==kmttg setup==
  * Download the following *push.py* python script and for convenience put it in the same installation path where you installed kmttg. It can go anywhere you wish though. For this example I'm going to use *c:\kmttg\push.py* as the location of the script.

  * Edit the *push.py* script and change the tivo name to match your tivo name. i.e. Change *"Bedroom"* to your Tivo's name. 

  * Determine your python installation path. For example this is the full path to *python.exe* on windows systems, such as *c:\Python25\python.exe*

  * Determine what file types from kmttg you want to push to your Tivos. In this example I am going to use *[encodFile]* which signifies files generated by the encoding step. Note that the kmttg configuration has a list of valid file types you can use (hopefully pretty self-explanatory names).

  * In kmttg configuration you are now ready to specify the *custom command*. What we want to specify is the following:

  {{{"python" "script" [type]}}}

  Continuing my example this would be:

  {{{"c:\Python25\python.exe" "c:\kmttg\push.py" [encodeFile]}}}

That's it. Make sure pyTivo is running and now when you choose to enable "custom" job in kmttg it will push files automatically to the Tivo you setup above.