#labels Featured
=KMTTG RPC (IPAD) REMOTE CONTROL (PREMIERE TIVOS ONLY)=

*NOTE: This documentation is updated to match latest kmttg release only. This capability became available starting with kmttg v0p8.*
<br>

*NOTE: To use this capability make sure you have Network Remote Control enabled on your TiVo(s):<br>
Settings--Remote, CableCARD & Devices--Network Remote Control--Allow network-based remote controls*

*NOTE: Under kmttg configuration "Tivos" tab you need to enable iPad option for each TiVo Premiere you want to use with this remote (in recent releases Series 4 units will be enabled automatically). While kmttg allows you to enable option for non-Premiere units they won't work. As soon as you have at least 1 TiVo enabled with this option you will see an additional *Remote* tab in the main kmttg window. For TiVo units older than series 4 there is more limited Remote Control functionality available if you provide your tivo.com username & password in kmttg config "TiVos" tab*

Thanks to some reverse engineering of the iPad protocol by TCF member 'arantius' there is now capability of communicating with TiVo Premiere units using the iPad protocol without needing an iPad, which opens the door to a lot of information which can now be obtained from Premiere units. kmttg Remote Control takes advantage of these capabilities to offer some new features not previously possible to implement. More limited functionality for series 3 and older units also has been added in recent releases that uses middlemind.tivo.com server with your tivo.com username & password. Different features are separated into separate Tabs on the Remote Control. Here is a summary of each:

==<u>ToDo</u>==
  * Allows you to display To Do List for selected Premiere.

===Refresh===
  * Select desired TiVo and click on the *Refresh* button to start a kmttg job to collect information from the TiVo. Once the job completes the table will be populated with To Do list entries obtained from the TiVo.
  * Once the table is populated you can click on individual items to see additional information about each (information will be displayed in the kmttg main messages window)

===Cancel===
  * You can select upcoming recordings in the table and use the *Cancel* button or keyboard *delete* key to cancel them.

===Modify===
  * Allows you to modify recording options for a selected show in To Do table.
  * Brings up a *Recording Options* form where you can change recording options: Keep Until, Start recording, Stop recording.

==<u>Season Passes</u>==
  * Allows you to display and manage your Premiere Season Pass lists.
  * Table shows number of upcoming recordings for each Season Pass after the title name and you can click on *Upcoming* button to list upcoming episodes.
  * For season passes for which there are episodes that won't record due to conflicts a pinkish background color is used to distinguish them from other entries and you can use the *Conflicts* button to list episodes not scheduled to record and get details on the conflicts.

===Refresh===
  * Select desired TiVo and click on the *Refresh* button to start a kmttg job to collect information from the TiVo. Once the job completes the table will be populated with Season Pass list entries obtained from the TiVo.

===Save===
  * Once the table is populated you can use *Save...* button to save your season passes for this TiVo to a file on your computer. i.e. *Season Pass backups!*

===Load===
  * Use the *Load...* button to load a previously saved Season Passes file.
    * NOTE: For items loaded from file kmttg will display a *Loaded:* prefix in the SHOW column in order to clarify that these were loaded from file.

===Delete===
  * Use the *Delete* button to unsubscribe selected Season Pass in the table from the selected TiVo. You can alternatively press the keyboard *delete* key which does the same thing.
  * *NOTE: Season passes that were created via tivo.com web page do not delete via RPC remote despite indications that deletion is possible. Appears to be a bug with TiVo RPC delete functionality. Those season passes can only be deleted on the TiVo itself.*

===Copy===
  * The *Copy* button allows you to copy *loaded* Season Passes to a selected TiVo. To copy from 1 TiVo to another:
    * Select originating TiVo and use *Save* button to save its Season Passes to a file.
    * Switch to destination TiVo
    * Use *Load* button to load previously saved Season Pass list
    * Now select entries in the table and use *Copy* button to copy them to the destination TiVo.
    * NOTE: As part of this operation kmttg will obtain current list of Season Passes from destination TiVo to check against in order to guard against potentially double-scheduling same Season Pass.
    * NOTE: Scheduling Season Passes only works if there is Guide Data present on the destination TiVo related to that show. Attempting to schedule a show for which there currently is no Guide Data will result in error message: "RPC error response: Unknown collection."

===Modify===
  * The *Modify* button allows you to modify attributes of Season Passes. Select 1 entry (only supports modifying 1 at a time) in the table and click this button. A popup dialog box with attributes for the Season Pass is displayed. Modify attributes as desired and then click OK to save the changes to your TiVo. Note that the SP list is automatically refreshed by kmttg after you make a modification.

===Re-order===
  * You also have the ability to change the order of rows displayed in SP table and then press the *Re-order* button to change SP priority order of target TiVo to match the order you define in the table.
    * NOTE: Sorting by clicking on column headers is now disabled for this table in order to allow user-defined order changes. To change order of rows you can drag and drop rows or select a row and use the keyboard up arrow and down arrow to move the selected row up and down. Once happy with the order displayed in the table click on the *Re-order* button to update the order on your TiVo. Note that the SP list is automatically refreshed by kmttg after the re-order request completes.

===Upcoming===
  * Table shows number of upcoming recordings for each Season Pass after the title name and you can click on this button to list upcoming episodes.
  * The upcoming episodes will be listed in the *ToDo* table where you have option of cancelling or modifying recording options for individual shows.
  * If there are no upcoming episodes for a season pass then clicking this button does nothing but issue a warning as such.

===Conflicts===
  * For season passes for which there are episodes that won't record due to conflicts a pinkish background color is used to distinguish them from other entries and you can use this button to list episodes not scheduled to record and get details on the conflicts.
  * Episodes in conflict will be listed in the *Won't Record* table where you have option to use the *Record* button to try and record on a different TiVo or use the *Explain* button to give more details on which shows are in conflict.

==<u>Won't Record</u>==
  NOTE: Unlike for other tabs in order to allow recording of shows on a different TiVo the table does not refresh when switching TiVo selections in this tab.

  * Displays list of all upcoming recordings that TiVo will not record (like View Recording History on your TiVo) and categorizes the shows into different folder names that describe why they won't be recorded. i.e. This is an easier way to find important recordings that won't record without having to wade through many reasons you don't care about (e.g. repeats).

===Refresh===
  * Select desired TiVo and click on the *Refresh* button to start a kmttg job to collect information from the TiVo. Once the job completes the table will be populated with Will Not Record list of entries obtained from the TiVo.
    * NOTE: This task can take over a minute to complete, so be patient.
  * In *Top Level View* there all entries are categorized into the different reasons TiVo returned why each recording would not be recorded. kmttg simply makes a folder out of each of the reasons and collects entries into their respective folders. You can then click on a folder in the table to descend into it and view all respective entries. This makes it much easier to only look at folders that you care about to find entries that won't record that you may want to take action on. Click on the *Back* button to return to Top Level View.
  * Inside a folder view you can click on individual items to see additional information about each (information will be displayed in the kmttg main messages window).

===Record===
  * *Record* button allows one to select individual shows shown in table to be scheduled to record on a TiVo Premiere. The scheduling attempt uses low priority such that will only record if no conflicts with other recordings exist. i.e. This provides a convenient way of scheduling recordings that were not to record on alternate TiVo Premieres if available.

===Explain===
  * This button can be used to list all the shows in conflict for entries under *programSourceConflict* folder. Select an individual show under *programSourceConflict* folder and click this button.
  * This button does nothing for shows in other folders as the reason for not recording for other cases is self-explanatory by the folder name.

===Refresh ToDo===
  * Refresh ToDo list that is used to highlight shows that are already scheduled to record on another unit configured in kmttg. The ToDo list is only obtained automatically the first time it is needed so if you are modifying the ToDo list on 1 or more units it is useful to periodically use this button to refresh the list.
    * NOTE: A single unified ToDo list is shared among *Search*, *Guide* and *Won't Record* tabs. This avoids obtaining ToDo lists multiple times for different tables.
    * NOTE: For table entries that are flagged as being in ToDo list when you click on table entry the title printed to kmttg message window will show (to be recorded on tivoName) so that you know which TiVo this show is scheduled to record on without having to run/consult ToDo table.

===Include History===
  * When this boolean is enabled past history will be included in the table so that one can explore why certain shows of interest did not record in the past.

==<u>Season Premieres</u>==
  * *NOTE: This utility is very CPU intensive and may affect video playback on the TiVo it's running on while in use and/or make it very sluggish, so it's best to use it only when target TiVo is not busy recording scheduled shows.*

  * Search for and display upcoming season & series premieres on selected channels of interest.

  * You can set number of days to search for premieres (defaults to 12).

    * NOTE: This utility relies heavily on episode information being available in TiVo listings. However not all shows have episode information available from TiVo listings, so those shows will not be identified by this utility. For shows without episode information kmttg will also look for shows with "Pilot" or "Series Premiere" as subtitle to attempt to catch series premieres without episode information.

  * Shows in the table that already have Season Passes scheduled on one of the Premieres configured for iPad Remote capability are indicated with a darker (brown) color. This spares you the trouble of having to look at Season Pass tables for each TiVo Premiere to see if you have already scheduled SP for a show.

  * Use the *Record* button to schedule individual shows to record or *Season Pass* button to setup Season Passes for selected shows.

===Update Channels===
  * *Update Channels* button should be used first to obtain a list of received channels for selected TiVo. The obtained list of channels will then be displayed in a list to the right of the table. You should then select individual channels in the table that you want to search for Season & Series premieres for. Only selected entries in this list will be used by *Search*, so make sure you select all channels you care about. To add a single channel to selected set hold down the *Ctrl* key and left click on an entry. To add a contiguous range of channels to selected set hold down *Shift* key and left click down to last entry in the list you want to include in selected set.
  * NOTE: The channel list and selections are saved to *tivoName.channels* files in the same folder as *kmttg.jar* file and can be edited manually to trim down to just the channels you care about. You can use the *Update Channels* button again to reset and save full list of channels.

===Search===
  * *Search* button will initiate a search for Season & Series premieres on all channels selected in the channels list. The search will look at every show scheduled in user-specified number of days (defaults to 12) for every channel selected in the channel list, so it can take several minutes to complete. You should limit which channels are selected in the channel list in order to minimize the amount of time the search takes.
  * NOTE: The search is very CPU intensive and may make the TiVo being used for the search sluggish for the duration of the search, so it's recommended you only do this search when TiVo is not busy recording scheduled shows.

===Record===
  * *Record* button allows one to schedule single recording for selected entries in the table on a TiVo Premiere. A dialog box will prompt you for single recording attributes to use for scheduling the show so you can adjust them appropriately.

===Season Pass===
  * *Season Pass* button allows one to schedule Season Passes for selected entries in the table on a TiVo Premiere. A dialog box will prompt you for Season Pass attributes to use for scheduling the Season Pass so you can adjust them appropriately.
    * NOTE: kmttg will attempt to avoid duplicated season passes on the destination TiVo by checking against the current set of season passes already on the TiVo.
    * NOTE: If you click on *Season Pass* button for a show that already has a Season Pass on the selected TiVo you are now prompted to modify the existing Season Pass instead of just seeing a warning.

===WL===
  * *WL* button can be used to create a wishlist. If a show is selected in table then the title will be set automatically to that title in the wishlist dialog that comes up. You are prompted with wishlist dialog where you can define wishlist with boolean logic for keywords, title keywords, actors and directors.
  * NOTE: Even though a title is required to be specified, the Wishlist will be named by TiVo according to the search elements you setup.
  * NOTE: Existing non-autorecord wishlists are not visible or editable via RPC and have to be managed on the TiVo itself.
  * See [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/Wishlists Wishlists] Wiki for more information.

==<u>Search</u>==
  * Allows you to enter keywords to search through guide listings.

===Search===
  * Type in keywords to search for and press Enter (or press *Search* button) to start a search. Two or more words are treated as an AND operation so in order to speed up search be as specific as possible with the keywords.
  * Once search completes the table will list matching entries. Like entries are categorized inside a folder. Click on folder to descend into it then click on *Back* button to return to top level view. When you click on individual entries you can see a description of the show you clicked on in the kmttg message window.
  * NOTE: The first time you perform a search kmttg will also obtain ToDo lists for all TiVos setup for iPad remote. This is used to mark entries already scheduled to record in a different color in the table.

===Max===
  * You can control maximum number of results to search for to control the amount of time the search takes by adjusting the *Max* number.

===Record===
  * You can setup an individual recording for any show listed in the table by selecting an entry and using the *Record* button. kmttg uses lowest priority to schedule the recording so if there is a conflict then it will not be scheduled and kmttg will print a conflict message.

===Season Pass===
  * For shows of type "series" you can use the *Season Pass* button to setup a season pass for the show. The season pass will always be created with lowest priority, but you can use the *Season Passes* tab to adjust the priority once you have set it up.
  * NOTE: If you click on *Season Pass* button for a show that already has a Season Pass on the selected TiVo you are now prompted to modify the existing Season Pass instead of just seeing a warning.

===WL===
  * *WL* button can be used to create a wishlist. If a show is selected in table then the title will be set automatically to that title in the wishlist dialog that comes up. You are prompted with wishlist dialog where you can define wishlist with boolean logic for keywords, title keywords, actors and directors.
  * NOTE: Even though a title is required to be specified, the Wishlist will be named by TiVo according to the search elements you setup.
  * NOTE: Existing non-autorecord wishlists are not visible or editable via RPC and have to be managed on the TiVo itself.
  * See [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/Wishlists Wishlists] Wiki for more information.

===Refresh ToDo===
  * Refresh ToDo list that is used to highlight shows that are already scheduled to record on any Series 4 unit configured in kmttg. The ToDo list is only obtained automatically the first time it is needed so if you are modifying the ToDo list on 1 or more units it is useful to periodically use this button to refresh the list.
    * NOTE: A single unified ToDo list is shared among *Search*, *Guide* and *Won't Record* tabs. This avoids obtaining ToDo lists multiple times for different tables.
    * NOTE: For table entries that are flagged as being in ToDo list when you click on table entry the title printed to kmttg message window will show (to be recorded on tivoName) so that you know which TiVo this show is scheduled to record on without having to run/consult ToDo table.

==<u>Guide</u>==
  * Provides a simple guide interface if you are looking for recordings on specific dates/times.

===Channels===
  * First step is to click on the *Channels* button to have kmttg obtain full list of channels you receive for selected TiVo. The channels will be listed each as a separate folder entry. You then click on a channel/folder to see listings for that channel.
  * NOTE: The first time you click on this button kmttg will also obtain ToDo lists for all TiVos setup for iPad remote. This is used to mark entries already scheduled to record in a different color in the table.

===Start===
  * You can control the *Start* time of the listings for which to list 12 hours worth of programming starting from selected time. If you adjust the start time setting while inside a channel folder then the listings will automatically update to reflect the change.

===Record===
  * You can setup an individual recording for any show listed in the table by selecting an entry inside a channel folder and using the *Record* button. kmttg uses lowest priority to schedule the recording so if there is a conflict then it will not be scheduled and kmttg will print a conflict message.

===Season Pass===
  * For shows of type "series" you can use the *Season Pass* button to setup a season pass for the show. The season pass will always be created with lowest priority, but you can use the *Season Passes* tab to adjust the priority once you have set it up.
  * NOTE: If you click on *Season Pass* button for a show that already has a Season Pass on the selected TiVo you are now prompted to modify the existing Season Pass instead of just seeing a warning.

===WL===
  * *WL* button can be used to create a wishlist. If a show is selected in table then the title will be set automatically to that title in the wishlist dialog that comes up. You are prompted with wishlist dialog where you can define wishlist with boolean logic for keywords, title keywords, actors and directors.
  * NOTE: Even though a title is required to be specified, the Wishlist will be named by TiVo according to the search elements you setup.
  * NOTE: Existing non-autorecord wishlists are not visible or editable via RPC and have to be managed on the TiVo itself.
  * See [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/Wishlists Wishlists] Wiki for more information.

===Refresh ToDo===
  * Refresh ToDo list that is used to highlight shows that are already scheduled to record on any Series 4 unit configured in kmttg. The ToDo list is only obtained automatically the first time it is needed so if you are modifying the ToDo list on 1 or more units it is useful to periodically use this button to refresh the list.
    * NOTE: A single unified ToDo list is shared among *Search*, *Guide* and *Won't Record* tabs. This avoids obtaining ToDo lists multiple times for different tables.
    * NOTE: For table entries that are flagged as being in ToDo list when you click on table entry the title printed to kmttg message window will show (to be recorded on tivoName) so that you know which TiVo this show is scheduled to record on without having to run/consult ToDo table.

==<u>Deleted</u>==
  * Lists all Recently Deleted shows with option to restore/undelete shows.

===Refresh===
  * Select desired TiVo and click on the *Refresh* button to start a kmttg job to collect information from the TiVo. Once the job completes the table will be populated with Recently Deleted list of entries obtained from the TiVo.

===Recover===
  * Select an item in the table and click on this button to recover/undelete a recording from Recently Deleted folder.

===Permanently Delete===
  * Permanently delete 1 or more selections from Recently Deleted folder.

==<u>Remote</u>==
  * Contains a complete set of virtual remote control buttons similar to the TiVo iPad application and a few select "combo" buttons in addition to some advanced navigation controls not ordinarily found on other network remotes.

  * Each button has a keyboard shortcut as well and tooltip for each button indicates the keyboard mapping.

  * In addition to the buttons and their keyboard shortcuts there is keyboard support for A-Z, asterisk, delete, space, back space, comma, underscore and ampersand keys all of which are useful when using a screen with virtual keyboard on the TiVo.

  * There are "combo" buttons for On Screen Clock toggle (SPS9S), Clear Banner quickly (SPSPS), Standby toggle and Closed Captions toggle.
    * NOTE: Closed Captions toggle actually uses the "telnet" interface and assumes CC is off as initial state.

  * There is also a set of advanced navigation buttons:
    * *Jump to minute* - Supply a position in minutes from the start of the show that you wish to jump to for currently playing show. For example, if you enter 22, then playback will jump to that exact minute mark.
    * *Skip minutes ahead* - Supply number of minutes that you want to skip ahead to for currently playing show.
    * *Skip minutes back* - Supply number of minutes that you want to skip back to for currently playing show.
    * *HME Jump* - Allows you to choose a TiVo HME application in given list and jump directly to it. (NOTE: This does not include local HME applications).
         
==<u>System Information</u>==
===Refresh===
  * Allows you to list some system information obtained from selected TiVo.
    * tsn
    * softwareVersion
    * userDiskSize - total disk size (also shows size in GB)
    * userDiskUsed - used disk space (also shows % disk space used)
    * parentalControlsState
    * What's On
      * idle - Currently viewing a GUI, HME or Flash screen
      * recording - Viewing a recording
      * liveCache - Viewing live TV
    * current background and foreground tuner channel information.

===Network Connect===
  * A nice shortcut for initiating a Network Connect (phone home) on selected TiVo without having to do use the GUI on the TiVo to do it.
  * NOTE: Even if there is a net connect currently in progress this operation can be run and always returns success. It will only actually initiate a net connect if there is not one already running and you are not in "pending restart" mode.