#labels Featured
=KMTTG WINDOWS INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS=

==1. INSTALL 32 BIT JAVA IF NEEDED==

Kmttg is now written in Java (originally used Perl) and supports Java 1.5 or later. You can download Java Runtime Environment (JRE) from here:

http://java.com/en/download/manual.jsp

*NOTE: If you are on a 64 bit system you should still install the 32 bit version of Java. kmttg is compiled with 32 bit version to remain compatible with 32 bit systems.*

==2. DOWNLOAD KMTTG INSTALLATION ZIP FILE==

Download kmttg installation zip file from:

http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/downloads/list

    * *kmttg_vxxx.zip* file – This contains the platform independent kmttg installation files
    * v0p6a or later are Java versions. Versions prior to that were Perl based and should no longer be used.

==3. UNPACK ZIP FILE==

  * Unpack *kmttg_vxxx.zip* file to your desired location. In this example: c:\kmttg

===TIP===
If upgrading from a previous Java kmttg installation you can normally unzip over the previous installation or just replace the *kmttg.jar* file of the old installation with the one from the new installation. That way you can preserve the kmttg configuration and avoid having to re-configure. NOTE: In some cases there are other files such as encoding profiles updated as part of a release, so you can also just unzip the file over the top of your previous installation to make sure you overwrite all files that make up an installation.

*NOTE: If you have older version of kmttg service running you should shut down the service first and then unpack zip file over existing installation. If you don't do so then certain files cannot be overridden and hence installation will fail.*

*NOTE: If you are installing to a new location and use kmttg service then make sure you remove the kmttg service and install it again using the new kmttg installation otherwise you will still be running older version.*

==4. STARTING KMTTG==
Simply double click on *kmttg.jar* file (c:\kmttg\kmttg.jar in this example) of the installation to start the program. You can also create a shortcut to that file if you wish to make it easier: Simply browse to *kmttg.jar* file and then right click on it and choose *Copy*, then right click mouse over empty desktop space and choose *Paste Shortcut*. Now when you double-click on that desktop shortcut it will launch the kmttg GUI.
  NOTE: If double-clicking on kmttg.jar file does nothing then you don't have proper jar file association setup. Either re-install Java or do the following to set the proper association. First determine full path to your Java installation *javaw.exe* file. Then start a *cmd* window *as administrator* and type:
      * {{{assoc .jar=jarfile}}}
      * {{{ftype jarfile="C:\Program Files (x86)\Java\jre6\bin\javaw.exe" -jar "%1" %*}}}
      (Of course replace path to javaw.exe above with your installation path.)

  * The first time launch you will be prompted to allow kmttg to download and install required tools. Choose Yes and wait for the download and installation to complete.
  * Also the first time you launch kmttg you will be prompted for your 10 digit Media Access Key (MAK) which is needed to download & decrypt programs from your Tivos.
  NOTE: kmttg may detect Tivos on your network before you have a chance to enter the 10 digit MAK, and will not be able to get listings for detected Tivos without MAK, so after entering MAK you will need to click on *Refresh List* button for each Tivo to get listings.
  * You will probably want to further configure kmttg after installation. Consult the [http://code.google.com/p/kmttg/wiki/configuring_kmttg configuring_kmttg] wiki page for details.